feat: expose internal matchers on extended matchers context (#13375)
facebook/jest: docs/ExpectAPI.md

});
```

> #### Internal matchers
> 
> All the internal matchers from Jest are exposed inside `this.matchers`. So if you need to use an existent matcher like `toBe` or `toEqual` among others, you can access it directly.

Reviewer: Better list it with other this member (this.expand, this.utils etc)

```suggestion
#### `this.matchers`

The Jest built-in matchers are exposed on `this.matchers`. This allows usage of matchers like `toBe` or `toEqual` in your custom matcher.
```
